# 1
Created: 2023-02-11 15:52
Tags: 
____


In the recent decades, many developing countries have been _struggling_ with a variety of barriers in their way of progress. Some political especiallist claim that financial aids are the solution, whereas other argue that financial aids are  just a temperory solution and they needs practical helps and advice to overcome their issues. In my view, when it comes to long-term economical or political obstacle, we need to look at root causes. Therefore, I believe, in most cases financial aids  are not the best choice.

In one hand, when we study political history of advanced countries, we will realized that progress in areas like economy and politics, are just result of good management and the way different organisations are working together. for example, the United states of america, as the largest economy in the world, has been using scientist consultants to make decitions. In my opinion that practical helps and experts' advice has magnificent effect on addressing problems.




On the other hand, in some cases countries have immediate problems which are urgent. for instant, a natural disaster like an earth quick may destruct a entire city infrastructures. In these situations, people need urgent help and we cannot wait for long-term changes in management. therefor financial aid's is the only choice.

in conclusion, I think in most cases international organisation should assess developing countries by practical advice, although sometimes it is necessary to help financial.
 
_____
##### References
1.

